# <u>Privacy Policy for Search Guy</u>

Effective date: <code style="font-size:11pt; padding: 3px; border-radius: 6px; background-color: #222;">2023/12/14</code>

Last edited: <code style="font-size:11pt; padding: 3px; border-radius: 6px; background-color: #222;">2024/01/07</code>

At *Cyberthing*, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by *Search Guy* and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to [contact us](mailto:jsmith@cyberthing.dev?subject=Search%20Guy%20Privacy%20Policy).

## Information Collection and Use 

We do not collect any PII (Personally Identifiable Information) about you. Search Guy will, however store individual paragraphs from the results of queries that you submit and the articles you ask about for the benefit of all users. Each paragraph is stored in plaintext, and a [vector embedding](https://www.tensorflow.org/text/guide/word_embeddings). When you or another user submit a query, these vector embeddings are used to find the most relevant information.

These are the websites/APIs that *Search Guy* directly interacts with and submits text that may have been generated by you:

- [OpenAI](https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy)
- [Google](https://policies.google.com/privacy)
- [Wikipedia/Wikimedia](https://foundation.wikimedia.org/wiki/Policy:Privacy_policy)

## Log Data

We want to inform you that whenever you use *Search Guy* through ChatGPT, no PII is stored. The only log data we collect is between OpenAI and *Search Guy*. Your personal data and conversation stays within the boundaries of OpenAI's services.

## Data Sharing

*Cyberthing* does not share any *Search Guy* information with third parties, unless subpoenaed by a law enforcement entity. Because we do not store any PII, we cannot provide any information about you to law enforcement.

## Security

Your conversations are not stored on *Cyberthing* or *Search Guy*'s servers. The source code for *Search Guy* is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/cyberthing-dev/embeddingserver) and is maintained by *[Cyberthing](https://github.com/cyberthing-dev)*. Because the project is open-source, you can not only verify that we do not store any PII, but you can also contribute to the project or see other people's contributions to its security.

## Data Storage

The entirety of the data that *Search Guy* retains is as follows:

- The vector embeddings of paragraphs from search results, Wikipedia pages, and websites.
- The plaintext of paragraphs from search results, Wikipedia pages, and websites.

This data is kept on a Docker volume and is deleted weekly not only for accuracy and performance reasons, but for security and privacy. The data is not backed up, and is not mirrored on any other servers. *Search Guy*'s services are currently hosted via Docker on a *Cyberthing*-controlled server. This server is hosted on a [Linode](https://www.linode.com/products/shared/) shared machine. The server's storage is not encrypted, but it is safeguarded by both *Cyberthing* and Linode's security measures.

## Links to Other Sites

Our service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party (any non-*Cyberthing* or OpenAI site) link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

We do not knowingly provide service to anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has interacted with our product, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. OpenAI does not provide a notification service to inform you when our policy has changed, so we have included the last-modified date at the top. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at [jsmith@cyberthing.dev](mailto:jsmith@cyberthing.dev?subject=Search%20Guy%20Privacy%20Policy).

This Privacy Policy was generated by CyberThing.
